{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16760\viewh16500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The purpose of the game School Simulator is to successfully operate an educational institution (high school). This success is measured monetarily and certain milestones allow for advancement opportunities. The Player is a principal who runs the high school and must use his money to purchase and build facilities in order operate. Every subject differentiates by statistics. For example, math would have a higher grade and a lower happiness level than art: a labor-leisure trade off. Furthermore, there is a statistics header bar consisting of the Player\'92s cash balance, student happiness level, student grade level, time, and points (net worth). \

\i \
In this folder, there are 6 types of files. They will be referred to by (number). 
\i0 \
\
	(1) 
\b SchoolSimulator.py
\b0  and (2) 
\b SchoolSimulator.txt
\b0  are the code for the entire program in python and text file format, respectively. \
\
	(3)
\b  save1 
\b0 and 
\b save1GameBoard
\b0  are pickle files used to save the Player data.\
\
	(4) The images are saved in 
\b .png 
\b0 format. They are the designs for the user interface of the game. \
\
	(5)
\b  ambient.wav
\b0  is the soundtrack for the game. \
\
	(6) 
\b DTM-Sans.otf 
\b0 is the font used throughout the game.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0
\cf0 \

\i After the on boarding process, the Player is recommended to follow these steps: 
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Purchase classrooms from the store to build the school. Every store item has a statistics information pop-up. \
{\listtext	2.	}Await 15 hours (in game time) to pass. Upon entering the next day, students automated by artificial intelligence will flow into the school. \
{\listtext	3.	}The Player should not only purchase more classrooms from the store, but also upgrade every classroom by clicking on it. The upgrades available increase the money earning speed and once a certain upgrade level is reached, the player can earn bonuses. \
{\listtext	4.	}The number of classrooms available to be built on the game board increases proportionally to the level. The Player levels up once he/she reaches a predetermined number of points.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\i Other information: 
\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}The happiness level and grade level shown in the statistics bar correlate to the subjects of the classrooms built. These affect the amount of money earned. \
{\listtext	2.	}The points balance is the net worth. This is the accumulative earnings and value of the school, whereas the money spent is is the cash balance alone and does not add the value of the classrooms built. \
{\listtext	3.	}Every school day is 15 hours long. The school day begins at 8 am and lasts until 12am the next day. \
{\listtext	4.	}A daily summary consisting of the money earned, money spent, and net increase will be given at the end of each school day. \
{\listtext	5.	}The flow of students does not begin until the second day of operations, after the Player has built his/her initial starting facilities. There is a certain number of students that can fit inside each facility, depending on the subject. \
{\listtext	6.	}Every subject has 5 features: \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Cost \
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Grade\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Happiness\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Capacity\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Earning Speed 	\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}There is a Monies button that is to be clicked to earn more money. \
{\listtext	8.	}There is a statistics box consisting of all the specials gained from subjects and upgrades. \
{\listtext	9.	}Click the Expand button to increase the size of the game board to fit more classrooms. Expand only works when the Player has reached a sufficient amount of earnings. \
}